Address side channels in security considerations (#396)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

The rest of this section documents issues particular to implementations or deployments.

## Side-channel mitigations

> Several routines process secret values (nonces, signing keys / shares), and depending on the implementation and deployment environment, mitigating side-channels may be pertinent; specifically, implementing `G.ScalarMult()`, `G.ScalarBaseMult()`, `G.SerializeScalar()`, and `G.DeserializeScalar()` in constant (value-independent) time.
> The various ciphersuites lend themselves differently to specific implementation techniques and ease of achieving side-channel resistance, but can be implemented using complete formulas and value-independent branching to mitigate
> side-channels.

Author: ```suggestion
Several routines process secret values (nonces, signing keys / shares), and depending 
on the implementation and deployment environment, mitigating side-channels may be
pertinent; specifically, implementing `G.ScalarMult()`, `G.ScalarBaseMult()`, 
`G.SerializeScalar()`, and `G.DeserializeScalar()` in constant (value-independent) time.
The various ciphersuites lend themselves differently to specific implementation techniques 
and ease of achieving side-channel resistance, but can be implemented using complete 
formulas and value-independent branching to mitigate side-channels.
```

The rest of this section documents issues particular to implementations or deployments.

## Side-channel mitigations

Several routines process secret values (nonces, signing keys / shares), and depending 
on the implementation and deployment environment, mitigating side-channels may be
pertinent; specifically, implementing `G.ScalarMult()`, `G.ScalarBaseMult()`, 
`G.SerializeScalar()`, and `G.DeserializeScalar()` in constant (value-independent) time.
The various ciphersuites lend themselves differently to specific implementation techniques 

> and ease of achieving side-channel resistance, but can be implemented using complete 
> formulas and value-independent branching to mitigate side-channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ease of achieving side-channel resistance, though ultimately avoiding value-dependent
computation or branching is the goal.
```

The bit about complete formulas seems overly specific to elliptic curves, and I think so far we've avoided that level of specificity.
